{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset238 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13260\viewh5700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 var tour = GaragebandAudioRegions Tour(\{\
  steps: [\
    \{\
      element: \'93Verse2_Workspace\'94,\
      title: \'93Create Audio Regions to Edit Sections of your Track\'93,\
      content: \'93Here is an audio region. Once you have your track in the Workspace, you can separate your track into sections \'97 audio regions \'97 and then edit each audio region however you want. Move, loop, trim, copy, fade, EQ, and much more.\'93,\
      placement: \'91bottom\'92,\
      backdrop: true\
    \},\
    \{\
      element: \'93Chorus\'94,\
      content: \'93This track currently has four audio regions: Intro, Verse 1, Verse 2, and Chorus. You can create new regions anytime.\'93,\
      placement: \'91right\'92\
    \},\
\{\
      element: \'93AudioEditor\'94,\
      content: \'93This is the Audio Editor window where you create new audio regions for your tracks.\'94,\
      placement: \'91top\'92,\
      backdrop: true\
\},\
\{\
      element: \'93Editors_Button\'94,\
      content: \'93To open or close the Audio Editor window, click the Editors button.\'94,\
      placement: \'91bottom\'92\
\},\
\{\
     element: \'93Verse2_AudioEditor\'94,\
     title: \'93How to Create an Audio Region\'94,\
     content: \'93To create an audio region, highlight the region you want to create in the Audio Editor and then click the highlighted region. (To highlight, place the cursor in the lower half of the waveform until it turns into a marquee pointer (+) and then drag left or right.),\
     placement: \'91top\'92\
\},\
\{\
     element: \'93RegionName\'94,\
     content: \'93Name your region here\'94,\
     placement: \'91top\'92\
\},\
\{\
     element: \'93Chorus\'94,\
     content: \'93Now you are ready to edit your regions. Make edits in the Workspace\'85\'94,\
     placement: \'91right\'92,\
     duration: 7000,\
\},\
\{\
     element: \'93AudioEditor\'94,\
     content: \'93\'85 or the Audio Editor. Have fun!\'94,\
     placement: \'91top\'92\
\}\
  ]\
\});\
}