<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="delete_duplicate_default_dashboards_in_rsa_netwitness_versions_10_6_x_11_x">
    <title>Delete duplicate &quot;Default&quot; dashboards in RSA NetWitness versions 10.6.x &amp; 11.x</title>
    <shortdesc>There are duplicate "Default" dashboards in the RSA NetWitness UI.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>This task provides you with steps to remove any duplicate "Default" dashboards in
            the Dashboard section of the RSA NetWitness Platform UI.<p/></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log into the RSA NetWitness UI.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the Dashboards section of the UI.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul>
                        <li>In 10.6.x: the "Dashboard" section is located in the top left corner of the UI.</li>
                        <li>In 11.x: the "Dashboard" section is located in Monitor > Overview.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go into a "Default" dashboard.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Next to the words "Default Dashboard," there are icons regarding dashboard options.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>In 10.6.x:</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>In between the "-" icon and the "Copy dashboard" icon, there is an icon with a red pencil.</li>
                        <li>Click the red pencil to show the dashboard editing options.</li>
                        <li>Click the option, "Restore Default Dashboard," which should clear all unnecessary/duplicate default dashboards.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>In 11.x:</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>In between the "-" icon and the "Copy dashboard" icon, there is an icon with a red pencil.</li>
                        <li>Click on that clockwise red arrow to "Restore Default Dashboards," which should clear all unnecessary/duplicate default dashboards.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
