<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="meghana_first_task">
    <title>Start/Stop Capture button is disabled on the Decoder service in RSA NetWitness Platform
        version 11.3.x</title>
    <shortdesc>The Start/Stop Capture button is disabled and the Decoder "Service Information"
        section is missing on the RSA NetWitness Platform version 11.3.x UI. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>This task provides you with steps to resolve the issue where there is a failure to
            complete the "<apiname>service?</apiname>" AJAX call and load the service's license
            information.<p/></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>SSH to the node zero server to restart the License Server using the following
                    commands. 
                    <codeph># systemctl stop rsa-nw-license-server 
                        # systemctl start rsa-nw-license-server 
                    </codeph>
                </cmd>
                <info>Running the following command to tail the <codeph>license-server.log</codeph>
                    file while restarting the license server will help indicate any further license
                    issues that may be occurring. 
                    <codeph># tail -f /var/log/netwitness/license-server/license-server.log</codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Within the RSA NetWitness UI, navigate to the Admin > Services > Decoder > View > System page.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Refresh the System page.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul>
                        <li>The "Start/Stop Capture" button should be enabled</li>
                        <li>The Decoder "Service Information" section should appear, as well.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
                <info>
                    If the above steps do not work, please try the following steps:
                    <ol>
                        <li>Look at one of the <codeph
                                conref="appliance#ReusableComponent_rkw_kgp_klb/codeph_skw_kgp_klb"
                            /> AJAX calls to see if you are seeing null values for fields such as
                            "deviceVersion", "startDate", and/or "licenseInfo."</li>
                        <li> Look through sa.log for the following error, which refers to the null
                            values above:
                                <codeph>org.springframework.web.util.NestedServletException: Request processing failed;</codeph></li>
                        <li>Navigate to Admin > System > Licensing to see if there are any licenses available.</li>
                        <li>This issue is happening because the SA Server is unable to fetch the license information. You will need to upload a new offline response file into Admin > System > Licensing > Settings > Step 2: "Upload Offline Response File."
                            <ul>
                                <li>You can get the offline response file through your myRSA / Download Central account, or contact RSA Support to provide you with the file.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </li>
                        <li>Upload the offline response file into the RSA NetWitness UI under Admin > System > Licensing > Settings Tab > Manage Local License Server Offline > "Step 2: Upload Offline Response."</li>
                        <li>After you have completed the upload, go to the "Overview" tab in the same Licensing area, and refresh the licenses under Licensing Actions > Refresh Licenses.</li>
                        <li>Refresh the browser window, as well, in which you are running the RSA
                            NetWitness UI. <ul>
                                <li>The licenses should now appear under Admin > System > Licensing,
                                    if they were previously missing.</li>
                                <li>The "Start/Stop Capture" button should be enabled.</li>
                                <li>The Decoder "Service Information" section should appear, as
                                    well.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </li>
                    </ol>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <tasktroubleshooting>
            <p> If you open the Developer Tools > Network tab in your browser
                window when you are within the System page for any RSA NetWitness
                core service, there are 4 AJAX calls to pay attention to:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><codeph>service?</codeph>: This corresponds to the service's
                    "System Information." section. This will also display the
                    service's license information.</li>
                <li><codeph>user?</codeph>: This corresponds to the service's "User
                    Information" section.</li>
                <li><codeph>appliance?</codeph>: This corresponds to the service's
                    "Appliance Service Information" section.</li>
                <li><codeph>appliance?</codeph>: This next
                    "<codeph>appliance?</codeph>" request corresponds to the
                    service's "Host User Information" section.</li>
            </ul>
        </tasktroubleshooting>
    </taskbody>
</task>
