<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task">
    <title>Example Task Topic</title>
    <shortdesc>A DITA topic of type task. This is a shared topic. Task topics are the most
        structured.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>This is the <xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement> where you list the prerequisites for
            this task. This section is optional.</prereq>
        <context>
            <p>This is the <xmlelement>context</xmlelement> where you can provide a bit of
                background of things you should know before performing the task. </p>
            <p>Some people consider this a "mini concept". If you realize you need a bit of lead in,
                but not enough for a stand alone topic, use the <xmlelement>context</xmlelement> in
                the task topic instead of a stand alone concept topic. This section is optional.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>This is a <xmlelement>step</xmlelement> in a task topic. It is part of the
                        <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement> element. You can use
                        <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement> for numbered steps or
                        <xmlelement>steps-unordered</xmlelement> for a non-numbered (usually
                    bulleted) steps.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>These are the heart and soul of task topic.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>There are many additional special elements that can be used in a step to
                        provide more information.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Both the <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement> and
                        <xmlelement>steps-unordered</xmlelement> elements are optional. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>That's correct, you can have a task with no procedure.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>
            <p>This is the <xmlelement>result</xmlelement> which lets you explain what happens after
                you complete the steps. This element is optional.</p>
        </result>
        <tasktroubleshooting>
            <p>This is <xmlelement>tasktroubleshooting</xmlelement> where you can provide
                troubleshooting information for the entire task. </p>
            <p>Not to be confused with <xmlelement>steptroubleshooting</xmlelement> which can be
                used for troubleshooting information for specific steps.</p>
            <p>This element is optional.</p>
        </tasktroubleshooting>
        <example>
            <p>This is an <xmlelement>example</xmlelement> you can use to provide an example for the
                entire task. This is not to be confused with the <xmlelement>stepxmp</xmlelement>
                which can provide a quick example for a specific step.</p>
            <p>This element is optional.</p>
        </example>
        <postreq>
            <p>This is the <xmlelement>postreq</xmlelement> where you describe what to do after
                completing the procedure. </p>
            <p>This element is optional.</p>
            <p>That's correct, all of these elements are optional. It is possible to have a valid
                task topic with only a <xmlelement>title</xmlelement> and
                    <xmlelement>shortdesc</xmlelement>. However, the order of these main elements is
                not optional. For example, you cannot switch the order of the
                    <xmlelement>context</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement> without a
                specialization. </p>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
