<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="manipulating_an_image">
    <title>Manipulating an Image</title>
    <body>
        <p>SnagIt features various image formatting and annotation options. Below are selected
            examples to familiarize yourself with major features. For thorough descriptions of all
            features, reference <xref
                href="https://www.techsmith.com/screen-capture.html?utm_source=google&amp;utm_medium=cpc&amp;utm_campaign=46168211&amp;utm_content=21497707811&amp;utm_term=techsmith&amp;gclid=CjwKCAjw6dmSBhBkEiwA_W-EoDmmdg3g-ecfWCf5MBVimqBLzyitZlS34jcCs07pl0wRffzNZR1dDRoCwvMQAvD_BwE"
                format="html" scope="external">TechSmith's</xref> available documentation and video
            tutorials</p>
        <simpletable frame="all" relcolwidth="1* 1*" id="simpletable_ayz_pnc_ftb">
            <sthead>
                <stentry>Effect name</stentry>
                <stentry>What's it do?</stentry>
            </sthead>
            <strow>
                <stentry>Arrow</stentry>
                <stentry>Points out a specific feature or area within the image</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>Callout</stentry>
                <stentry>Emphasizes a certain element within the content</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>Text</stentry>
                <stentry>Details the action to be taken, or in the case of a software bug,
                    identifies what is supposed to occur</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>Shape</stentry>
                <stentry>Highlights an object referenced in the body of yoursupport ticket</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>Cut Out</stentry>
                <stentry>Removes an irrelevant portion of the image, or joins together disconnected
                    content</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>Eraser</stentry>
                <stentry>Remove portions of the graphic entirely, or reverse an edit you already
                    made</stentry>
            </strow>
        </simpletable>
        <p><b>Optimizing SnagIt for the Support Associate role at XYZ Company</b></p>
        <p>Although the development team writes the database scripts behind the scenes that keep our
            software running, they will not always be as expert as you from the UI perspective. So,
            while your ticket may seem obvious, do not look past some of the ways SnagIt can
            minimize misinterpretation and drive home a point. Let's explore specific features from
            the preceding list you will access often in your role, and describe the scenarios where
            they will be most useful</p>
        <ul id="ul_jsv_spc_ftb">
            <li><b>Cut Out</b> - Cut Out will prove especially helpful when Clients request an
                enhancement to the UI. With Cut Out, you can assist developers in visualizing how
                they should best approach the ticket and demonstrate how the end result should
                appear</li>
            <li><b>Text</b> - Text is one of SnagIt's more versatile effects. If a Client reports a
                software bug, development will need to understand exactly which area is
                malfunctioning, and sometimes objects (such as an arrow) cannot fully depict the
                error. Text is also handy in telling a User's story. In other words, describing the
                sequence of events behind the User's ultimate goal</li>
            <li>
                <p/>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</topic>
