<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="about_packages">
    <title>Atom Packages</title>
    <shortdesc>Understanding packages opens up the world of Atom features.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>When you download Atom, it comes with a lot of features. For example, Atom comes with
            syntax highlighting for HTML, but it doesn't come with syntax highlighting for RST. To
            get syntax highlighting for RST, you have to install it yourself. A package is what Atom
            calls a feature or group of features that you install after you download Atom.<ul
                id="ul_zgw_53b_llb">
                <li>Packages are optional. You choose what packages you want to install from Atom's
                    package list.</li>
                <li>Package are free. </li>
                <li>1-click installation. No code or command line steps necessary.</li>
                <li>Install a package anytime. </li>
                <li>Disable a package anytime.</li>
                <li>Access packages from the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> panel. To access the
                    Settings panel, follow the appropriate path for your operating system:<ul
                        conref="syntax_highlighting2.dita#rst_syntax_highlighting_package/settings_list"
                        id="ul_vnb_2ks_4lb">
                        <li/>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul></p>
        <note type="important">In the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> panel drop-down menu list, you
            will see <uicontrol>Packages</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Install</uicontrol>. <ul
                id="ul_ysj_1js_4lb">
                <li><uicontrol>Packages</uicontrol> lists what packages are currently
                    installed.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Install</uicontrol> lists all additional packages available to
                    install.  </li>
            </ul>
        </note>
    </conbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="syntax_highlighting2.dita" format="xml">
            <linktext>Syntax Highlighting</linktext>
        </link>
        <link href="preview2.dita" format="xml">
            <linktext>Live Preview</linktext>
        </link>
    </related-links>
</concept>
