<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="basic_authoring">
    <title>Basic authoring</title>
    <shortdesc>DITA uses many authoring structures similar to HTML.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section>
            <p>For the majority of your writing, you use elements that should be familiar. The
                following elements work exactly the same as HTML.</p>
            <ul>
                <li><xmlelement>p</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlelement>ul</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlelement>ol</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlelement>li</xmlelement></li>
            </ul>
            <p>There are several elements that are not exactly the same as HTML, but are very
                similar.</p>
            <ul>
                <li><xmlelement>image</xmlelement> — for inserting references to images. </li>
                <li><xmlelement>note</xmlelement> — for notes, tips, warnings, etc.</li>
                <li><xmlelement>xref</xmlelement> — for inserting links.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Tables are also similar to HTML, but not quite the same:</p>
            <codeblock>&lt;table>
  &lt;title>Optional title for the table&lt;/title>
  &lt;tgroup cols="2">
    &lt;colspec colwidth="1*"/>
    &lt;colspec colwidth="2*"/>
    &lt;thead>
      &lt;row>
        &lt;entry>Animal&lt;/entry>
        &lt;entry>Gestation&lt;/entry>
      &lt;/row>
    &lt;/thead>
    &lt;tbody>
      &lt;row>
        &lt;entry>Elephant (African and Asian)&lt;/entry>
        &lt;entry>19-22 months&lt;/entry>
      &lt;/row>
      &lt;row>
        &lt;entry>Giraffe&lt;/entry>
        &lt;entry>15 months&lt;/entry>
      &lt;/row>
      &lt;row>
        &lt;entry>Rhinoceros&lt;/entry>
        &lt;entry>14-16 months&lt;/entry>
      &lt;/row>
      &lt;row>
        &lt;entry>Hippopotamus&lt;/entry>
        &lt;entry>7 1/2 months&lt;/entry>
      &lt;/row>
    &lt;/tbody>
  &lt;/tgroup>
&lt;/table></codeblock>
      <p>And there additional elements you can use.</p>
      <ul>
        <li><xmlelement>fig</xmlelement> — A figure. Use this as a wrapper around an
            <xmlelement>image</xmlelement> and a <xmlelement>title</xmlelement> to make a figure
          with a caption.</li>
        <li><xmlelement>section</xmlelement> — A section. Can contain a title. This enables you to
          add a chunk of content inside of your topic. Use with caution. If you're making a section,
          why aren't you making a stand alone topic? There are some good reasons, such as making a
          set of descriptions that are small that you don't need to have individual topics for.
            <p>Be aware that how section titles are handled depend on your processing. They may
            appear like the next level heading, but they might not appear in the table of
            contents.</p></li>
        <li><xmlelement>dl</xmlelement> — A definition list. Often when documenting things, you need
          to have a term followed by a description. (In fact, this bulleted list really should be a
          definition list instead.) A definition list takes the following format:<codeblock>&lt;dl>
    &lt;dlentry>
        &lt;dt>Definition term&lt;/dt>
        &lt;dd>Definition description. This should contain all sorts of descriptive text.
            You can use most other blocks such as &lt;p>, &lt;ul>, &lt;image> etc.&lt;/dd>
        &lt;dd>You can also have additional &lt;dd> elements since one term might have 
            multiple definitions.&lt;/dd>
    &lt;/dlentry>
    &lt;dlentry>
        &lt;dt>Another term&lt;/dt>
        &lt;dd>More descriptive text&lt;/dd>
    &lt;/dlentry>
&lt;/dl></codeblock><p>How definition lists display depend on your processing. They can
            appear as tables or lists that look like glossaries, or whatever your heart desires. You
            can also nest definition lists, which can get entertaining.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>This is just a subset of what you can include. These are basic building blocks that
        generally don't have semantic meaning. </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
