<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="set_up_content_for_a_conref">
    <title>Set up content for a conref</title>
    <shortdesc>You can reference almost any content using a content reference. Before you can, you
        have to provide an <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> attribute.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>There are many different types of content references. The basic
                    <xmlatt>conref</xmlatt> lets you reuse a single element. You can also use
                    <xmlatt>conrefend</xmlatt> to reference several elements in a row. </p>
            <p>One difficulty with <xmlatt>conref</xmlatt> is that you have to provide a path to the
                file that contains the element you are referencing. If you decide to move that file,
                you have to update every reference. This can be onerous in large content sets.
                Therefore you can use <xmlatt>conkeyref</xmlatt> instead. This is a combination of
                    <xmlatt>conref</xmlatt> and <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt> so you can reference a DITA
                key as the path to the file.</p>
            <p>No matter the type of content you are referencing, the element you are referencing
                needs an <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> attribute.</p>
            <ul>
                <li>All <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> must be unique.</li>
                <li>Human readable values are much easier to work with</li>
            </ul>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Confirm the root <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> attribute is unique and human
                    readable.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the element you want to reuse and add a unique and human readable
                        <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> attribute.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <example>
            <p>The following paragraph is ready to be referenced.</p>
            <p id="example_conref">My first referenced content.</p>
            <p>The source looks like this:</p>
            <codeblock>&lt;p id="example_conref">My first referenced content.&lt;/p></codeblock>
        </example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
