<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="working_with_topics">
    <title>Working with topics</title>
    <shortdesc>Topics are the heart and soul of your content.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>A topic is your basic building block. A topic should be one unit of content that contains
            a single idea. </p>
        <p>The theory is that you write a whole bunch of topics, and then you organize your topics
            into output, such as a book or help. By making lots of small chunks, you can mix and
            match the building blocks as needed.</p>
        <p>Basic DITA has three main types of topics: concepts, tasks, and reference.</p>
        <dl>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Concept</dt>
                <dd>About a thing. Information you want people to know before they try to do a
                        thing.<p>This topic type is the least restrictive. It's generally a blob of
                        text, with assorted lists, tables, and images as necessary.</p></dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Task</dt>
                <dd>How to do a thing. The core of this topic type is
                        <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement>.<p>This topic is the most restrictive. There
                        are many specialized sections to help you make consistent presentation of
                        procedures.</p></dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Reference</dt>
                <dd>Stuff about a thing you want to look up. A concept tells you the general
                    "about", such as how a process works. A reference topic contains specific
                    details you want to look up, such as valid values for a property. A general rule
                    of thumb is if the information might fit into a table, it should be a reference
                    topic. <p>Reference topics are a bit more restrictive than concepts, but not as
                        detailed as a task.</p></dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
    </conbody>
</concept>
