<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="my_first_task">
    <title>My First Task </title>
    <shortdesc>The Laser D project requires adherence to certain procedures to ensure its successful
        completion. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_pdg_p1b_ftb">
            <p>When working on the Laser D project, here are some protocols you want to follow:</p>
            <ul id="ul_ndf_s1b_ftb">
                <li><b>Collect a batch of discs from your library's collection.</b> Bring a
                    cardboard box with you to the area where the Laser D collection is located at
                    your library. Fill the cardboard box with discs.</li>
                <li><b>Carry the CDs over to your workstation.</b> Carry the discs from the storage
                    area of the Laser D collection to your cubicle or workspace.</li>
                <li><b>Select a case, open the plastic lid cover, and carefully remove the
                    disc.</b>Hold a Laser D disc between the fingers at the outer edge. Inspect the
                    disc for any damages and make a note of them in your notebook.</li>
                <li><b>Insert the disc into the drive.</b>Once the disc is pulled into the drive,
                    run the SAS program.</li>
            </ul>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>The protocols involved in processing Laser D discs may seem mundane, but they are
                crucial in the migration of corporate document files.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Start the SAS program by clicking the <uicontrol>"running man"
                        button</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>The program will extract all of the documents stored on the disc.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Wait for all of the documents to appear on Microsoft Windows, look for any
                    corrupted files, and make a note of them in your notebook.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_jqx_qcb_ftb">You have adheared to the protocols for processing a disc,
            thus guaranteeing the safe migration of corporate document files.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
