<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="my_first_task_topic">
    <title>Installing Browser Setup Script and Logging in</title>
    <shortdesc>Acme Eye is a proposal automation tool that enables you to save time and increase
        sales. To use Acme Eye, you must install the browser setup script.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>For Acme Eye, you will need a desktop computer or mobile device, Microsoft Word, and
            a web browser. For additional information on reviewing prerequisites, see &lt;xref
            href="reviewing_prerequisites.dita"/>.</prereq>
        <context>Before logging in to Acme Eye for the first time, you need to install Acme Eye
            Browser Setup Script.<p>To install Acme Eye Browser Setup Script, follow these
                tasks.</p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Download Acme Eye Browser Setup Script from the Acme webpage:&lt;xref
                    href="https://sales.acme.com" scope="external"
                    format="html">Acme&lt;/xref>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Close all applications, including Outlook, and web browsers before installing
                    Acme Eye Browser Setup Script.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Double-click on Acme Eye Browser Setup Script executable file (.exe) to run the
                    script.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log in to Acme Eye with your single sign-on credentials from the Acme Eye link:
                    &lt;xref href="https://eye.acme.com" scope="external" format="html">Acme
                    Eye&lt;/xref></cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>When you log in to Acme Eye, the Welcome Screen is displayed.</result>
        <postreq>Go on to the next task: <b>Creating a Project</b>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
