<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="whywriteguide">
    <title>Essential Features</title>
    <shortdesc> Anyone new to reading and writing computer programming source code should use a text
        editor that offers beginner-friendly features. Two essential features are syntax
        highlighting and live preview. This short guide shows you how to install and enable these
        essential tools for HTML, Markdown, and RST in the <xref href="https://atom.io/"
            format="html" scope="external">Atom</xref> text editor. Also, the basic skills you learn
        here can be applied to other features in Atom. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p><data>
                <title>About Feature Packages</title>
            </data></p>
        <p>When you <xref href="intro_installatom.dita">download Atom</xref>, it comes with a lot of
            features. For example, Atom comes with syntax highlighting for HTML, but it doesn't come
            with syntax highlighting for RST. To get syntax highlighting for RST, you have to
            install it yourself. A package is what Atom calls a feature or group of features that
            you install after you download Atom. <ul id="ul_zgw_53b_llb">
                <li>Packages are optional. You choose what packages you want to install from Atom's
                    package list.</li>
                <li>1-click installation. No code or command line steps necessary.</li>
                <li>Install a package anytime. </li>
                <li>Disable a package anytime.</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p><data>
                <title>Why Did I Write this Guide?</title>
            </data>As a technical writing student, my instructor recommended we use Notepad ++ as
            our text editor. I use a Mac. Unfortunately, Notepad ++ is not compatible with MacOS.
            Although my Mac laptop has a text editor, I realized its shortcomings after seeing an
            example of Notepad ++. </p>
        <p>So, I looked around for an alternative. Since we use GitHub in class and Atom is a GitHub
            product (and free), I decided to try it.</p>
        <p>My needs for a text editor are very basic. I need to:</p>
        <ul id="ul_yd4_52p_3lb">
            <li>Practice writing source code in HTML, Markdown, and RST.</li>
            <li>Be able to preview what I write.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Installing Atom was easy, but I couldn't figure out how to get syntax highlighting and
            preview to appear in my documents. It took some time to figure out how to enable those
            features, so I want to save other beginners time by sharing my learnings here.</p>
        <p>I hope this guide gives you the tools to quickly start writing and previewing your work
            in Atom <i>(and gives me some practice creating a project in all of the various tools
                that we are using in class)</i>.</p>
        <p>– Anita</p>
    </conbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="intro_installatom.dita"/>
    </related-links>
</concept>
