<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="bancroft_s_steps_of_service">
    <title>Bancroft's Steps of Service</title>
    <shortdesc>There are plenty of online resources about steps of service in a restaurant. Such
        guides can be found at <xref
            href="https://howtobeagoodserver.com/steps-of-service-the-basics/" format="html"
            scope="external"/>, just to name one.  However, this guide is tailored for this
        restaurant specifically. Follow these rules for complete and proper service at Bancroft
        Chophouse.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p id="donot_skip_steps">Do not skip any of these steps.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249617"><b>Greeting the Guests</b>.</ph>Approach the table within
                    one minute of seating, bringing with you our craft cocktail list. Smile, say
                    hello, introduce yourself, and welcome them to the Bancroft. Show them the craft
                    cocktail list, placing it on the table. Ask them if they prefer our
                    complimentary filtered still or sparkling water. We also carry Source sparkling
                    or still water, if they prefer. Ask your Server Assistant (SA) to bring and pour
                    the water for the guests. During this initial guest interaction, ask the guests
                    if they are celebrating a special occasion.If they are, write it down, so you
                    remember it when it comes time for dessert. You must also ask the guest if there
                    are any food allergies of which we should be aware. If there are food allergies,
                    you must immediately enact Bancroft’s Allergy Protocol. Refer to the Allergy
                    Protocol Manual in the service station. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd id="cmd_gnr_wbj_llb"><ph id="_Toc20249618"><b>Taking the Drink
                    Order.</b></ph>Ask the guests if you may get them a drink, or if they have any
                    questions about our drink selections. Answer any questions they may have,
                    highlighting our craft ingredients and our wide range of spirit selections. If
                    they prefer anything non-alcoholic or if there are children present, suggest our
                    house-made soda selections. If a guest orders a bottle of wine, refer to the
                    Wine Service guide in the wait station for proper service on presenting,
                    opening, and pouring a bottle of wine. Write down their order and ring it into
                    Micros correctly. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249619"><b>Delivering the Drinks.</b></ph>You should deliver the
                    drinks in a timely manner, with the correct garnishes. Serving ladies first,
                    place the correct drink to the right of the guest’s water glass, using “open
                    body” service. That is, face the guest in an open posture, rather than serving
                    them with your back toward them. All drinks without a stem require a Bancroft
                    coaster. If you serve the drink in a stemmed glass, you do not need to provide a
                    Bancroft coaster. Once all drinks are delivered, allow the guest to take their
                    first sip, telling them to enjoy their drinks, and that you will return in a few
                    moments. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249620"><b>Taking the Appetizer/Entrée Order.</b></ph>Once you
                    have returned to the table within a few minutes, ask the guests how they like
                    their drinks. If there is an issue, apologize, remove the item, and alert a
                    manager. Ask them if there are any questions regarding the dinner menu,
                    highlighting any specials or any menu items you particularly enjoy. Be sure to
                    use vivid detail when describing our dishes. For example, you can say, “I love
                    the lamb chops, as they’re prepared in a Moroccan style, served with a mint
                    yogurt, an eggplant puree, and a house-made lentil cracker called a ‘poppadum.’”
                    Use your enthusiasm, skill, and knowledge to describe our food, and the guests
                    will appreciate it. Do not pretend to know the answer to a guest’s questions if
                    you are unsure about the item. Tell them you are unsure, find out the answer,
                    and inform that guest. When taking the order, begin with the ladies. Be sure to
                    take both appetizer and entrée orders at the same time, assuring the guest that
                    we will time their meal appropriately. If they order steak, ask what temperature
                    they prefer. Repeat the order back to the guest, and get their confirmation.
                    Write down their order and ring it into Micros directly. Alert your SA that they
                    can deliver the table bread at this time.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249621"><b>Maintaining Service Throughout Dinner.</b></ph>Make
                    sure to maintain service while your guests are waiting for their appetizers and
                    entrees. This could mean anything from making sure water glasses stay full, to
                    approaching the guest if there is anything they need, such as a bottle of wine
                    or another napkin. It is your responsibility to ensure the guest has the proper
                    silverware setting for any dish they order, before that item arrives to the
                    table. For example, a soup spoon must be placed to the right of the knife on the
                    table, once a guest has ordered soup. Consult the proper silverware settings in
                    that portion of the service manual. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249622"><b>Delivering the Appetizer Course.</b></ph><ph id="_Hlk20242303">Beginning with ladies first, and using “open body”
                        service, deliver the appetizer from the guest’s left side</ph>. <ph id="_Hlk20242388">Make guests aware if any plates are hot to the touch, and
                        kindly notify them you will be placing the plate down for them, if they
                        should reach for it. Once all guests have the appetizers they ordered,
                        ensure they have everything they need to enjoy the course. Wish them, “Bon
                        Appetit!” and leave the table. Give yourself two minutes before returning to
                        the table to make sure the guests’ food is to their liking</ph>. If there is
                    a problem, apologize, remove the item, and alert a manager. Oftentimes, guests
                    will not tell a server if something is wrong, so reading the guest is important.
                    If you are unsure if a guest likes their appetizer, you can say discreetly ask
                    that guest, for example, “How do you like your ravioli?” This may encourage them
                    to speak up. Typically, when guests are halfway through eating their appetizers,
                    you should select the “Fire Entrée” button in Micros. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249623"><b>Clearing the Appetizer Course.</b></ph><ph id="_Hlk20242636">Involve your SA when clearing the table, doing your best
                        to get it done in one visit. Make sure all guests have finished their
                        appetizers, before removing any plates. You must also ask the guest if you
                        may remove their plate, rather than assuming they are done. </ph>Once they
                    have agreed to let you clear, remove the plate first and then, facing away from
                    the guest, remove any used silverware and place it onto their dirty appetizer
                    plate. Try to make as little noise as possible. Do not stack plates on the table
                    in front of the guests. Stacking must only be done away from the table and
                    guests, and along the arm in a neat fashion. Do not carry more dirty plates than
                    you feel comfortable with. Ensure that all dirty items are removed from the
                    table before setting for the next course. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249624"><b>Setting for the Entrée Course.</b></ph>You are
                    responsible for setting the table properly for entrées before the meal arrives.
                    That is, if the guest is having steak for their entrée, set them up with a
                    dinner fork on the left side of their place setting, and a steak knife on the
                    right side of their place setting. “Open body” service is a must when setting
                    the guest with the proper silverware. You can find proper silverware settings
                    for the entrée course in that portion of the service manual. Offer a bottle of
                    wine to go with their entrée course, and have it presented, opened, and poured
                    by the time the entrees arrive.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249624"><b>Setting for the Entrée Course</b>.</ph>You are
                    responsible for setting the table properly for entrées before the meal arrives.
                    That is, if the guest is having steak for their entrée, set them up with a
                    dinner fork on the left side of their place setting, and a steak knife on the
                    right side of their place setting. “Open body” service is a must when setting
                    the guest with the proper silverware. You can find proper silverware settings
                    for the entrée course in that portion of the service manual. Offer a bottle of
                    wine to go with their entrée course, and have it presented, opened, and poured
                    by the time the entrees arrive.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249626"><b>Clearing the Entrée Course.</b></ph>Involve your SA
                    when clearing the table, doing your best to get it done in one visit. Make sure
                    all guests have finished their entrees, before removing any plates. You must
                    also ask the guest if you may remove their plate, rather than assuming they are
                    done. Follow the same stacking technique you used in clearing appetizer plates,
                    remembering to make as little noise as possible. Remove all dirty plates,
                    silverware, bread boards, and anything else the guest no longer needs.After
                    clearing the <ph id="_Hlk20248233">entrée</ph> course, the only items to leave
                    on the guests’ table are their water glasses, their napkins, and their cocktail
                    or glass of wine. Tell your SA to crumb the table and to present dessert menus
                    for the guests. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>
                    <ph id="_Toc20249627"><b>Taking the Dessert Order</b>.</ph>Once the guest has
                    perused the dessert menu, approach the table and ask if there are any questions.
                    Make sure to recommend one or two of your favorite desserts, using vivid
                    descriptions. For example, you could say, “I love the molten chocolate cake with
                    the espresso cream and house-made vanilla gelato.” Once you have taken the
                    dessert order, confirm the order with the guest. Then offer coffee, tea, or an
                    after-dinner digestif or cocktail. Write down their dessert order and ring into
                    Micros correctly, remembering to select “Birthday,” “Anniversary,” or
                    “Congratulations,” depending on what occasion the guests are celebrating. Set
                    any guest who has ordered dessert with a dessert spoon.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249628"><b>Delivering the Dessert Course</b>.</ph>Make sure you
                    have delivered any after-dinner drinks or coffee before dessert arrives. See the
                    service manual for proper coffee service. Before leaving the kitchen with
                    desserts, make sure the correct dessert has been garnished with the appropriate
                    celebratory garnish. If the dessert has a birthday candle, light it before you
                    reach the birthday guest. Beginning with the celebrated guest first, and using
                    “open body” service, deliver the dessert course from the guest’s left side.
                    Follow by serving ladies next, then the rest of the guests. Check back with the
                    table within two minutes to see how they like their dessert. If there is a
                    problem, apologize, remove the item, and alert a manager.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249628"><b>Delivering the Dessert Course.</b></ph>Make sure you
                    have delivered any after-dinner drinks or coffee before dessert arrives. See the
                    service manual for proper coffee service. Before leaving the kitchen with
                    desserts, make sure the correct dessert has been garnished with the appropriate
                    celebratory garnish. If the dessert has a birthday candle, light it before you
                    reach the birthday guest. Beginning with the celebrated guest first, and using
                    “open body” service, deliver the dessert course from the guest’s left side.
                    Follow by serving ladies next, then the rest of the guests. Check back with the
                    table within two minutes to see how they like their dessert. If there is a
                    problem, apologize, remove the item, and alert a manager.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249630"><b>Presenting the Check.</b></ph>Once you have printed
                    the check, place it carefully and neatly inside the pocket of a Bancroft check
                    presenter, located in the service station. Place the check in the center of the
                    table, unless a specific guest has asked you to bring them the check. Say
                    something polite like, “Please take your time,” or “I can take care of this when
                    you’re ready.” Do not hurry or rush the guests to pay. Leave the table to give
                    them time to look over the check and decide on method of payment. Once you see
                    that the guests have placed their payment inside the check presenter, you may
                    again approach the table. Collect the check presenter, checking to see if the
                    guests would like to pay with one credit card, or more than one. Make sure you
                    understand their payment instructions carefully, as you are handling their
                    money. Be sure to smile, look the paying guests in the eye, thank them, and tell
                    them you will return with the processed payment. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249631"><b>Processing the Payment.</b></ph> Correctly process
                    cash or credit card payments in Micros. If you make a mistake in processing a
                    payment, alert a manager. Place the credit card and the printed credit card
                    vouchers with a copy of the check inside the pocket of the check presenter,
                    including a Bancroft pen inside. If the guest pays in cash, place the correct
                    change and a copy of the check inside the pocket of the check presenter. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><ph id="_Toc20249632"><b>Saying Goodbye</b>.</ph>Place the check presenter back
                    on the table, near the guest who paid for dinner. Thank them and ask them to
                    return soon. Once the guests have left, remove the signed credit card voucher
                    and make sure you close the check properly in Micros. If the guests have left a
                    cash tip, place that money inside your waiter’s billfold. Put all closed checks
                    and cash payments into your waiter’s billfold, until it is time to print your
                    sales report at the end of the shift. \</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p conref="#bancroft_s_steps_of_service/donot_skip_steps"/>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
