<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="cupcakes">
    <title>Cupcake</title>
    <shortdesc>Powder chocolate ice cream jelly-o sesame snaps cotton candy cake macaroon caramels.
        Brownie halvah candy danish sesame snaps brownie topping apple pie. Cake macaroon sesame
        snaps.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Brownie oat cake icing lollipop jelly gummies. Jujubes pastry jelly-o dessert cookie.
            Gingerbread chupa chups dessert sweet cake cake caramels lemon drops. Candy caramels
            sesame snaps gummi bears marshmallow candy canes chocolate cake. Brownie gingerbread
            danish gummies lemon drops. Gingerbread fruitcake sugar plum chupa chups bonbon biscuit
            sweet roll pie cake. Cupcake wafer gummies. Gingerbread pastry gummies apple pie
            chocolate cake cookie. Lollipop gummies fruitcake. Jelly beans carrot cake icing chupa
            chups cotton candy. </p>
        <p>Soufflé marzipan pastry bonbon. Fruitcake sweet roll sweet halvah candy wafer. Danish
            jelly beans muffin carrot cake. Cupcake candy chocolate cake topping carrot cake gummi
            bears tootsie roll caramels carrot cake. Muffin chupa chups chupa chups sweet roll.
            Soufflé cookie marzipan jelly candy. Marshmallow soufflé chocolate topping wafer bonbon.
            Tootsie roll gummies gummies carrot cake jujubes caramels chocolate cake. Cookie
            tiramisu candy canes pudding brownie sesame snaps cake tiramisu. Dessert oat cake candy
            canes bonbon oat cake. Apple pie gummies marshmallow candy caramels carrot cake halvah
            tiramisu. Tart pudding chocolate cake biscuit chupa chups cupcake fruitcake liquorice
            donut. Croissant lemon drops caramels candy canes caramels tootsie roll jujubes tootsie
            roll. Halvah jelly-o pie sesame snaps ice cream jelly.</p>
        <p>Bear claw bonbon brownie marshmallow marzipan gummi bears jujubes. Chupa chups pie
            marshmallow cake chocolate cake croissant cookie. Tiramisu danish jelly oat cake cupcake
            icing jelly beans gummi bears jelly-o. Halvah cake candy bear claw marzipan macaroon
            gummi bears macaroon. Chocolate bar cookie sesame snaps pastry bonbon jelly lollipop.
            Candy canes gummi bears marzipan. Cake ice cream sugar plum tiramisu liquorice muffin
            marzipan. Chocolate cake candy canes chupa chups powder tootsie roll jelly cheesecake
            soufflé toffee. Dessert gummies topping chocolate candy canes fruitcake halvah
            gingerbread. Sugar plum dessert lollipop candy canes. Powder jelly beans marzipan dragée
            chocolate bar halvah cookie ice cream. Jelly marshmallow chocolate tiramisu marshmallow
            chocolate tootsie roll muffin cake. Cotton candy sweet apple pie croissant cake
            chocolate marzipan. Lemon drops candy canes fruitcake.</p>
        <p>Lollipop chocolate danish pudding lemon drops chocolate cake cookie jelly beans sweet
            roll. Soufflé cake tart halvah candy powder brownie. Candy canes apple pie cotton candy
            gingerbread chocolate cake oat cake sugar plum macaroon. Jelly brownie lollipop donut
            gingerbread topping pastry macaroon wafer. Dessert candy sesame snaps chocolate bar
            jujubes oat cake cotton candy lemon drops. Soufflé donut bonbon gummies dragée toffee
            gummi bears cheesecake soufflé. Candy caramels sesame snaps cookie tootsie roll. Sweet
            tootsie roll soufflé. Gummies topping jelly-o topping. Liquorice liquorice donut
            marshmallow tootsie roll lollipop apple pie gingerbread. Sweet roll chocolate cake
            cookie tootsie roll ice cream dragée. Jelly beans donut chocolate pastry liquorice
            cheesecake muffin. Tiramisu powder jelly brownie ice cream. Chupa chups toffee liquorice
            tart lollipop cotton candy lemon drops marzipan.</p>
        <p>Croissant pudding chocolate cake. Ice cream oat cake brownie cake sweet liquorice
            dessert. Wafer caramels bear claw danish fruitcake. Croissant icing tart muffin soufflé
            marshmallow brownie tiramisu pie. Ice cream sesame snaps oat cake biscuit macaroon
            chocolate tootsie roll. Toffee tiramisu topping. Caramels lollipop caramels brownie
            marzipan brownie apple pie. Dragée candy canes jujubes pastry. Ice cream apple pie
            cookie candy canes marshmallow croissant liquorice lollipop jujubes. Lemon drops gummi
            bears jelly. Cookie ice cream donut bonbon danish gingerbread danish pastry. Brownie
            wafer jelly beans gingerbread lollipop caramels bear claw.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
