<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="softballs_and_tension_release">
    <title>Softballs and Tension Release</title>
    <shortdesc>Using a softball to help release tension in calves.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_j2y_jwb_dxb"> Set aside five to ten minutes to perform the tension
            release.  You will only need a softball for these movements.</prereq>
        <context>These movements are meant to release tension in the calf and are more effective if
            done on a consistent basis as a part of a routine, e.g. shortly after exercise or before
                bed.<p>Find an area on the floor where you can stretch your legs out in front of you
                while sitting.</p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place the softball under one of your calves.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Move your leg back and forth and side to side, until you find a concentrated
                    location of tension.</cmd>
                <info>If this causes you a great deal of pain, there could be an underlying issue.
                    Contact your doctor or physical therapist for further guidance.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>While the softball is centered on the point of tension, flex your toes toward
                    you, count to five and release. Repeat three times.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When done, repeat steps 2 and 3 until calf feels less tense or until five
                    minutes. </cmd>
                <info>If the calf is particularly tense, the initial flexes may cause some initial
                    pain that should subside with repetition.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Repeat step series with other calf if needed.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_zjy_vgc_dxb">
            <p>After completing theses movements, the tension in the calf should slowly subside. One
                might find other pains in other muscles, tendons, and joints like the Achilles,
                plantar fascia, knees and ankles will subside as well.</p>
        </result>
        <tasktroubleshooting id="tasktroubleshooting_vsq_rhc_dxb">
            <p>If there is no relief, try raising your hips off the ground by placing your hands to
                the sides of your hips and lifting slightly so that more of your weight is resting
                on the softball as you flex your foot.</p>
            <p>If you have more pain the day following the movements, there could be an underlying
                problem. Stop the movements and contact a your doctor or physical therapist for
                further instruction. </p>
        </tasktroubleshooting>
    </taskbody>
</task>
